update docs about global kill #9499 (#8773)
pingcap/docs: tidb-configuration-file.md

+ Default value: `true`
+ When this configuration value is `true`, the maximum length of a single `ENUM` element and a single `SET` element is 255 characters, which is compatible with [MySQL 8.0](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/string-type-syntax.html). When this configuration value is `false`, there is no limit on the length of a single element, which is compatible with TiDB (earlier than v5.0).

### `graceful-wait-before-shutdown` <span class="version-mark">New in v5.0</span>

- Specifies the number of seconds that TiDB waits when you shut down the server, which allows the clients to disconnect.
- Default value: `0`
- When TiDB is waiting for shutdown (in the grace period), the HTTP status will indicate a failure, which allows the load balancers to reroute traffic.

### `enable-global-kill` <span class="version-mark">New in v6.1.0</span>

+ Controls whether to enable the Global Kill (terminating queries or connections across instances) feature.
+ Default value: `true`

> + When the value is `true`, both `KILL` and `KILL TIDB` statements can terminate queries or connections across instances so you do not need to worry about erroneously terminating queries or connections. When you use a client to connect to any TiDB instance and execute the `KILL` or `KILL TIDB` statement, the statement will be forwarded to the right TiDB instance. If there is a proxy between the client and the TiDB cluster, the `KILL` and `KILL TIDB` statements will also be forwarded to the right TiDB instance for execution. Currently, using the MySQL command line <kbd>ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>c</kbd> to terminate a query or connection in TiDB is not supported when `enable-global-kill` is `true`. For more information on the `KILL` statement, see [KILL](/sql-statements/sql-statement-kill.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ When the value is `true`, both `KILL` and `KILL TIDB` statements can terminate queries or connections across instances so you do not need to worry about erroneously terminating queries or connections. When you use a client to connect to any TiDB instance and execute the `KILL` or `KILL TIDB` statement, the statement will be forwarded to the target TiDB instance. If there is a proxy between the client and the TiDB cluster, the `KILL` and `KILL TIDB` statements will also be forwarded to the target TiDB instance for execution. Currently, using the MySQL command line <kbd>ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>c</kbd> to terminate a query or connection in TiDB is not supported when `enable-global-kill` is `true`. For more information on the `KILL` statement, see [KILL](/sql-statements/sql-statement-kill.md).
```

> + When the value is `true`, both `KILL` and `KILL TIDB` statements can terminate queries or connections across instances so you do not need to worry about erroneously terminating queries or connections. When you use a client to connect to any TiDB instance and execute the `KILL` statement or `KILL TIDB` statement, the statement will be forwarded to the corresponding TiDB instance. If there is a proxy between the client and TiDB, the `KILL` and `KILL TIDB` statements will also be forwarded to the corresponding TiDB instance for execution. Currently, using the MySQL command line <kbd>ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>c</kbd> to terminate a query or connection in TiDB is not supported when `enable-global-kill` is `true`. For more information on the `KILL` statement, see [KILL](/sql-statements/sql-statement-kill.md).

Author: ```suggestion
+ When the value is `true`, both `KILL` and `KILL TIDB` statements can terminate queries or connections across instances so you do not need to worry about erroneously terminating queries or connections. When you use a client to connect to any TiDB instance and execute the `KILL` or `KILL TIDB` statement, the statement will be forwarded to the right TiDB instance. If there is a proxy between the client and the TiDB cluster, the `KILL` and `KILL TIDB` statements will also be forwarded to the right TiDB instance for execution. Currently, using the MySQL command line <kbd>ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>c</kbd> to terminate a query or connection in TiDB is not supported when `enable-global-kill` is `true`. For more information on the `KILL` statement, see [KILL](/sql-statements/sql-statement-kill.md).
```
